Sole, a system. A system, brainwaves, operating way too much. And on too low a level. Bing! Bing! Aisle one. Microwaves and magazines. Radical leaftist (hairweaves?). Sadam Hussein rugs to lay on your bare...
Pawn shop. You ass for five bucks. Guns, VCRs, your ass. Five bucks.

America. Sole are fish for boots, the headline reads precariously. With no care precariously, dangerous, and (???). Vivaldi. Springtime allergies and underbites. Pre-othodontal Jeremy. And I guess, the height... Of highest calibre... And yes, interests... Square!

I'm standing high on a rock, like Captain Kirk. Arms spread wide, looking cricified. And smiling, like Captain Kirk, as an indiam Medicine Man God that comes to save the planet from an asteroid.
And they never do explain... Oh yeah, they do. The, uh, pretectors, providers, something... McCoy!  McCoy says, explains the existance of humanoid cultures all over the galaxy. And come to think of it, that explains everything.

All I know is, when I do, I do nothing. And I do emmensely that. Which, someone said, Keruac or Buddha, that nothingness is a goal. And should I consider myself accomplished, having accomplished nothing?

I said once I should drink, to practice drinking and not talking. Tic-tac tac-tic tic-tac. I don't remember... And thusly, I hope I am not remembering something that I should hope... Not... To remember...

Sounds of television... Smells of dinner... American culture nips at my ears and nose at the eight o'clock, December twilight. In California. Oh, the drama. Even I succumb to the sounds of dogs' chains rattling. And palm trees behind the unlocked, three-foot chain link...

In fact...

LAX to JFK. At approximately noon, somewhere over the midwest. Observed an object leaving a smokey trail behind it. Orientation was vertical, but in the course of a minute inverted itself and travelled horizontally. Seemed like something disintegrating in the atmosphere. Or something cooling off as the smoke got fainter over the course of a few minutes. Did not seem particularly large, maybe two hundred... To four hundred feet away. As of yet, unidentified.